Hall of disaster

There has been a disaster in the world, you where one of the few who survived a huge group escape from the evil world controllers, who derived a lot of people from their homes and denied them food in 30 days, to make them work for building their castles. Your escaped down the sour channel with good luck and is laying here in on floor, trying to find you energy back. Only place to go is south.

You took the south door, and entered The corner for tomorrow

It looks like all the people who came here all walked along the small stepping stones to the right in the floor. But there is a door with a lot of wood covered on it in front, it looks interesting, it has a small lit tourch on it, burning out.

You took the west door, and entered The long hall

There is only a small dim light far far away ahead of you.

You took the west door, and entered Round table

You just entered an opening with the light on a big roundtable infront of you. Room enough for 20 kings or queens. The walls is covered in spiderweb and dust. It's kind of creapy in here. Hurry up south or east, there is openings. But to the north there is a door.

You took the north door, and entered A big kitchen with pots of sawed legs and arms

The is blood everywhere. Pots, pans is standing in the corners of the room, floating with sawed of legs and arms sticking out of them. It all looks like king rings on most of the fingers and toos. To the west and south, there is a small doors you could try.

You took the west door, and entered Four chests placed in a cross, with alter in middle

This looks like an old abandod king cementary. The alter in the middle has the crows of the four kings standing in direction of each chest. Don't try to pickup item's inside the chests in here, it will bring you bad luck. A small door is to the east, but a door is also to the north and oh also to the west.

You took the north door, and entered A big room with torture tools all over

A bed with spikes, a breathing horse standing with eyeclaps in front of a streching tool. You have entered the torture buffet. Hope you will never meet the punisher. There is a an opening to the south a door to the west and a door to the north.

You took the north door, and entered Big barrols of wine filling up the room in a mace

Wholy shit ! barrols of wine like towers in the sky. How to get pass this ! It is like a damn mace to go through ! You can try the door to the east or go to the south.

You took the east door, and entered End wall covered in a massive painting with gods and monsters fighting together

This is a damn, forsanken room, you have just opened the door and it screams women screams, like new years eye roars with fireworks. THEN it all stops. You enters the room and sees that the end wall all covers a huge painting of kings, queens, soldiers, farmers, ghosts, dragons, zombies all fighting other with blood all over the painting, but one Big Chest is standing on top of all the dead bodies. But it is just a painting, so you have to go back.

You took the west door, and entered Big barrols of wine filling up the room in a mace

Wholy shit ! barrols of wine like towers in the sky. How to get pass this ! It is like a damn mace to go through ! You can try the door to the east or go to the south.

You took the south door, and entered A big room with torture tools all over

A bed with spikes, a breathing horse standing with eyeclaps in front of a streching tool. You have entered the torture buffet. Hope you will never meet the punisher. There is a an opening to the south a door to the west and a door to the north.

You took the south door, and entered Four chests placed in a cross, with alter in middle

This looks like an old abandod king cementary. The alter in the middle has the crows of the four kings standing in direction of each chest. Don't try to pickup item's inside the chests in here, it will bring you bad luck. A small door is to the east, but a door is also to the north and oh also to the west.

You took the west door, and entered Balcony covered in flowers

This room is covered in flowers all over the walls, floor and sealing. Only a balcony opening in the NorthWest corner, like a light focus in the cover of flowers. But you will never be able to climp there. The flowers is all hanging and very losy, don't try to climp, you will hurt your self. You can go south or east.

You took the south door, and entered The floor covered as one big grill with lake running below

The water running as a lake is sounding from beneath your feet. Looking down you are standing on a huge fence grill working like the floor on top the river running below. But the water is to dark to see anything down there. There is openings to the north, west and south.

You took the west door, and entered A deep and dark well with torturing sounds coming from within

People are roaring, screaming, sounding hurt, crying most of the time, from within a well in front of you, but it is not just a well, it has no water in it and is dark as core of hell it self. Trying to reach down you find the fence with a lock. Shit can't go any further then back where you came from.

You took the east door, and entered The floor covered as one big grill with lake running below

The water running as a lake is sounding from beneath your feet. Looking down you are standing on a huge fence grill working like the floor on top the river running below. But the water is to dark to see anything down there. There is openings to the north, west and south.

You took the south door, and entered Uprising narrow stairway with loose steps

Damn this is tight and looks high. The stairs rises up towards something, but you can't see. The steps is VERY loose, shit, if i fall it goes far far down a stair. You can only go north or south.

You took the south door, and entered A big tree is growing from the floor

Wood roots all over in the floor. It looks a tree has been growing through the floor and through the sealing only sticking out some small leaves. you have to continue around the big root foot to the west or north.

You took the west door, and entered Deadbody's covered in autumn leaves all over the floor

Wow, it suddenly became a long hall, with autumn leaves all over! But why. You take the first step and hits something. SHIT it is a deadbody, and realises there is deadbody's sticking out through the leaves all over the hall. You can only jump on top of them, through the hall to the west or east.

