Hall of disaster

There has been a disaster in the world, you where one of the few who survived a huge group escape from the evil world controllers, who derived a lot of people from their homes and denied them food in 30 days, to make them work for building their castles. Your escaped down the sour channel with good luck and is laying here in on floor, trying to find you energy back. Only place to go is south.

You took the south door, and entered The corner for tomorrow

It looks like all the people who came here all walked along the small stepping stones to the right in the floor. But there is a door with a lot of wood covered on it in front, it looks interesting, it has a small lit tourch on it, burning out.

You took the west door, and entered The long hall

There is only a small dim light far far away ahead of you.

You took the west door, and entered Round table

You just entered an opening with the light on a big roundtable infront of you. Room enough for 20 kings or queens. The walls is covered in spiderweb and dust. It's kind of creapy in here. Hurry up south or east, there is openings. But to the north there is a door.

You took the south door, and entered Puke on the walls

Both side walls is covered in puke and it stinks like shit all over! You can only continue south or north.

You took the south door, and entered A big tree is growing from the floor

Wood roots all over in the floor. It looks a tree has been growing through the floor and through the sealing only sticking out some small leaves. you have to continue around the big root foot to the west or north.

You took the west door, and entered Deadbody's covered in autumn leaves all over the floor

Wow, it suddenly became a long hall, with autumn leaves all over! But why. You take the first step and hits something. SHIT it is a deadbody, and realises there is deadbody's sticking out through the leaves all over the hall. You can only jump on top of them, through the hall to the west or east.

You took the west door, and entered The wall figure of the great bull

A giant room opens suddenly up. to the south the wall is covered with a big bull carved into the wall with very mean eyes and ring in the noose. You can go to the west, north and east only

You took the west door, and entered Jawbroken faces all over the walls

What the f*ck, the wall is covered in faces but ! the jaw is gone. Of my god ! who places all these faces here, must have been insane in there minds. You have one choice but to go north or east.

You took the north door, and entered A big crocodille mouth opening out to the real world in the horizon across the canyon far far away.

Freedom ! at least it looks like it exists in the horizon. But it is to far away, well you can only go back to the disaster place you came from.

You took the south door, and entered Jawbroken faces all over the walls

What the f*ck, the wall is covered in faces but ! the jaw is gone. Of my god ! who places all these faces here, must have been insane in there minds. You have one choice but to go north or east.

You took the east door, and entered The wall figure of the great bull

A giant room opens suddenly up. to the south the wall is covered with a big bull carved into the wall with very mean eyes and ring in the noose. You can go to the west, north and east only

You took the north door, and entered Uprising narrow stairway with loose steps

Damn this is tight and looks high. The stairs rises up towards something, but you can't see. The steps is VERY loose, shit, if i fall it goes far far down a stair. You can only go north or south.

You took the north door, and entered The floor covered as one big grill with lake running below

The water running as a lake is sounding from beneath your feet. Looking down you are standing on a huge fence grill working like the floor on top the river running below. But the water is to dark to see anything down there. There is openings to the north, west and south.

You took the north door, and entered Balcony covered in flowers

This room is covered in flowers all over the walls, floor and sealing. Only a balcony opening in the NorthWest corner, like a light focus in the cover of flowers. But you will never be able to climp there. The flowers is all hanging and very losy, don't try to climp, you will hurt your self. You can go south or east.

You took the east door, and entered Four chests placed in a cross, with alter in middle

This looks like an old abandod king cementary. The alter in the middle has the crows of the four kings standing in direction of each chest. Don't try to pickup item's inside the chests in here, it will bring you bad luck. A small door is to the east, but a door is also to the north and oh also to the west.

You took the north door, and entered A big room with torture tools all over

A bed with spikes, a breathing horse standing with eyeclaps in front of a streching tool. You have entered the torture buffet. Hope you will never meet the punisher. There is a an opening to the south a door to the west and a door to the north.

You have been attacked by Orger

?

The monster hit you with 5 damage in it's strike. You have 25 left.

Maybe there is a beautifull item placed behind the monster after you have killed it.

Orger took 6 damage, from your blade and has 4.0 life left.

Orger took 6 damage, from your blade and has -2.0 life left.

